Docs: Add a disclaimer for users who set up health-checks and prometheus endpoints in a containers environment. (#2194)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/health-checks.mdx

{"status":"UP"}
```

## Using in a containers environment

The health-check listens to 127.0.0.1 by default, which won't allow connections issued from a network.

> While this is a safe default, *other containers won't be able to perform healthchecks*, which will prevent the router pod to switch to a healthy state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this is a safe default, *other containers won't be able to perform healthchecks*, which will prevent the router pod from switching to a healthy state.
```
